get set go
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain
return to the blue lagoon this movie is
about a widow
her daughter and a boy who were cast
away from a ship
they drifted to a tropical island where
the children grew up
learned life lessons and eventually fell
in love
let's follow their unusual love story on
return to the blue lagoon
the film begins by showing a ship
sailing to the city of san francisco
on the ship many passengers came from
the european continent
while on their way they found a small
boat bobbing in the ocean
it turned out that two adults had died
in the boat and a boy who was still
alive
the people on the ship finally saved the
boy and buried his parents by sinking
their bodies
the ship then continued its journey to
america
on the way the ship's captain tells a
passenger named sarah
to take their newly found boy and her
daughter to a smaller boat
that's because the officers on the ship
contracted the deadly cholera disease
finally sarah brought her daughter lily
and a boy named richard on the smaller
boat
there was also a man named kearney
coming with her
for days they were in the boat but had
not yet found land for them to stop by
they began to feel tired and hungry
because there was not much water and
food in the small boat
the two children also cried a lot from
hunger making kearney eager to kill the
two children
kearney also didn't give water to sarah
and her children
because her children suffer from not
being able to drink sarah finally
intends to kill kearney
when kearney was off guard sarah
immediately grabbed the stick and hit
him
kearney was dead now sarah and her two
children are continuing their journey on
their small boat
day after day they tossed around on the
boat finally
they found a deserted island they
immediately headed to the island
sarah was so moved to have made it to
the mainland she then built a tent out
of the sails on their boat
the island looked perfect because there
was fresh water they could drink
there are also many fruits that they can
eat but a storm came and destroyed the
tent
that sarah had built sarah hugged lily
and richard tightly to survive the heavy
rain
the next day sarah decides to take lily
and richard into the forest
after exploring they finally found a
cabin surprisingly
richard looked familiar with the cabin
it turned out that the cabin was his
home
sarah decided to stay on the island with
her two children
when they were teenagers sarah took lily
and richard to bathe in the river
at that time lily wanted to pee and
direct her genitals like richard
here lily is confused as to why she and
richard have different genitals
sarah also explained that the two were
indeed different because richard was a
man
while she was a woman but it doesn't
stop there lily and richard often ask
questions about marriage and sarah also
answered the questions of her two
children wisely
one day the roof of their cottage burst
due to heavy rain
so sarah spent her time in the rain
fixing the roof
but the next day sarah was seriously ill
for days she was sick and never
recovered
eventually sarah's health condition
worsened she also began to advise lily
and richard
to always protect each other sarah even
taught her two children to bury herself
if one day she died but not long after
that
sarah died leaving her two young
children the days passed quickly
now lily and richard have grown up it
was easter
lily and richard celebrated by making
easter eggs
they then decorate the eggs and hide
them lily and richard then race to find
the most eggs
the winner will get a prize from a loser
the two of them were busy finding as
many eggs as possible until finally
lily got the most eggs and she won the
bet now
richard must give a gift to lily they
then went to the middle of the ocean by
boat
and richard jumped to the bottom of the
sea apparently
in the sea bed richard managed to find a
shell containing pearls
the pearl was then given to lily lily
seems to like the pearl richard gave her
one day richard was looking for fish and
met a shark
instead of leaving richard even
challenged the shark to chase him
richard finally jumped into the water
and swam as fast as he could
the shark who saw richard immediately
swam after him
but richard turned out to be good at
swimming and managed to survive the
shark's attack
one day when she woke up from her sleep
lily found blood on her bed
that's when lily remembered her mother's
words if she was an adult
if there was blood coming out of her
genitals now lily knows
that she can have children lily told
richard about it
one afternoon while the two were taking
a bath richard said that he hoped to be
lily's husband
and it turns out that lily also hopes to
marry richard
the two decided to get married in front
of their mother's grave
richard gave a ring made of plant roots
they promise to always take care of each
other and love each other
their lives become very intimate and
they spend time having fun
every day one day while the two were
making fishing nets
lily saw a ship heading towards their
island this was the first time the two
of them had seen a ship approaching
their island
they decided to hide then a small boat
was unloaded
and carried eight people to their island
there there was a captain named jacob
who brought some of the ship's
passengers
richard and lily walked over to them
captain jacobs said
if they went to the island to look for
water because they lacked water
there was also a beautiful young girl
named sylvia
it turns out that sylvia is a princess
from a kingdom far from the island
finally lily and richard welcomed
captain jacob and his entourage
and invited them to have dinner together
richard also said
that he is curious about city life and
hopes to visit a big city one day
the next day lily and richard are given
clothes by sylvia
richard was pleased and tried to wear
all the clothes that were given to him
meanwhile sylvia said that a woman
should dress up to look beautiful
in the evening lily and richard show
their dance to sylvia
but the dance looks like a children's
dance so sylvia also taught richard the
dance
that people in urban areas commonly do
seeing richard and sylvia dancing
lily became jealous and ran out leaving
the two of them
the next day lily decided to learn to
put on makeup
she remembers sylvia looks charming on
makeup however
because she has never put on makeup in
her life her makeup looks messy
richard doesn't like lily's makeup and
asks her to remove it
then in the afternoon richard was
teaching sylvia to fish on the beach
sylvia turns out to have fallen in love
with richard and tries hard to seduce
him into having
sex with her on the boat meanwhile lily
was bathing in a waterfall in the forest
but unexpectedly a ship officer named
quinlan peaked at her
realizing that a man was looking at her
lily immediately ran away
quinlan chased after her fortunately
richard tried hard to refuse sylvia's
invitation and ran away to find lily
quinlan turns out to be at lily's cabin
and is trying to find the pearl
finally he managed to find the pearl and
intends to rape lily
luckily richard arrived just in time to
save lily
the two fight until finally richard
managed to seize quinlan's firearm
however because he never used a gun
quinlan manages to reclaim the gun
luckily lily threw a blanket right in
quinlan's face so
richard managed to attack him back the
two of them continued to struggle until
they broke through the cabin wall
captain jacob and his men arrive they
didn't think that quinlan would cause
such trouble
they tried to break up the fight richard
immediately ran away
but quinlan wouldn't let him off the
hook he shot richard at once
richard now knows how to kill quinlan he
swam into the water with the shark
quinlan who didn't know about the shark
swam after richard
unfortunately he was attacked by the
shark and had to be killed
lily and richard are reunited then lily
told richard
that she felt something in her stomach
it turns out that lily is pregnant
hearing this richard was very happy
eventually
lily and richard decided to stay on the
island while raising their children
you